Template: ntop/trace
Type: select
Choices: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
Description: This flag specifies the level of ntop tracings.
 The trace level ranges between 0 (no trace) and 5 (full debug tracings).
 The higher is the trace level the more information are printed. Trace
 level 1 is used to print errors only, level 2 for both warnings and
 errors, and so on. The default debian setup outputs this information
 to syslog, so it should show up in /var/log/syslog.

Template: ntop/getopt
Type: multiselect
Choices: -b, -c, -o, -n, -q, -z, -C, -M
Description: Choose additional command line options to start ntop with ?
 Please choose additional command line options to start ntop with.
 Typical options are:
 .
  -b Disable protocol decoders
  -c idle hosts are not purged from hash
  -o ntop will trust just IP addresses (no MACs)
  -n Numeric IP addresses - no DNS resolution
  -q Log suspicious packets to /var/log/ntop/ in tcpdump format.
  -z Disable TCP session tracking
  -C ntop will be used to analyze a large network (hint)
  -M don't merge network interfaces (see man page)

Template: ntop/mode
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Do you want to run ntop as daemon on startup ?
 

Template: ntop/port
Type: string
Default: 127.0.0.1:3000
Description: Which is the port the ntop daemon should listen at ?
 The ntop daemon will listen at the specified port for
 http connections. You can also use a IP:Port notation to make
 ntop listen on only on specified IP Adress e.g. 127.0.0.1:3000.


Template: ntop/sslport
Type: string
Default: 127.0.0.1:3001
Description: Which is the ssl port the ntop daemon should listen at ?
 The ntop daemon will listen at the specified port for
 https connections. You can also use a IP:Port notation to make
 ntop listen on only on specified IP Adress e.g. 127.0.0.1:3001.


Template: ntop/user
Type: string
Default: ntop
Description: Which is the name of the user to run the ntop daemon as ?
 The selected user will be created if not already available.
 Don't choose root, it is not recommended and will be discarded anyway.

Template: ntop/createuser
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Should I create the user ${USER} ?

Template: ntop/interfaces
Type: string
Default: eth0
Description: Which interfaces should ntop listen on?
 Please enter a comma separated list of interfaces ntop should listen on.

Template: ntop/usernotice
Type: note
Description: Setup ntop user
 Please remember to manually setup the ntop user and make him
 own the /var/lib/ntop directory before attempting to start ntop.

Template: ntop/adminpass
Type: password
Default: admin
Description: Initial password for the admin user ?
 Please specify the initial password that the admin account should have.
